Gauntlet challenge list
---challenges---
Share the Health – Kill Enemies to Regenerate Depleting Health
Tower Defense– Moving Causes Damage
Eat and Run – All Enemies are Sprinting
Bursting With Excitement – Players Can Only Use <weapon>
Brittle – Complete the Round with a Limited Number of Hits Across All Players
Bear A Grudge – Hunt down and Open the Mystery Box 6 Times this Round (Firesale Disabled)
No Gen – No Health Regeneration
Anywhere but WTF? – Players Randomly Teleport. Complete the Round Under the Time Limit
Make It Rain – Take Damage While you Have Over 5000 Points
Shock and Awe – Get 55 Trap Kills and Survive 5:55
Walled In – Make 5 Unique Wall Buys
CQZ – Zombies Can Only Be Damaged in Close Quarters
Double Trouble – Enemies do Double Damage
Conference Call – Defend the Conference Room 
Hat Trick – Kill Zombies with 3 Unique Weapons
Piss Around – Use Unpacked Pistols Only
Stay Down! – Weapons Can Only be Used While Prone
Ranger – Move Less Than 100m During the Round
Muzzle Flesh – Zombies Only Appear When You are Shooting
Debit or Credit? – Kills Drain Points. Damage and Death Points are Disabled for the Round
Perk Drunk – More Perks, More Blurry Vision
Stock Crash – All Weapons Only Have One Ammo Clip
Re-Roll – Active Perks are Randomly Replaced. Perk Altars are Disabled for the Round
Bankrupt – Have Less Than 1000 Points at the End of the Round
Quick Kills – Melee Kill All Zombies within the Time Limit
Turret Mode – Players are Locked in Place, Unless They are Downed
Loaded – End the Round with Guns and Equipment at Full Ammo
Half Speed – Players’ Movement Speeds are Halved. Sprinting and Sliding are Disabled
Shopaholic – Buy Something Every 20 Seconds
Spartoi Scramble –No Headshot Kills Allowed
Stop Drop and Roll – Go Prone to Stop Random Damage
Blindsided – Players are Randomly Blinded
Make It Rain – Take Damage If You Have Over 5000 Points
Trial of the Gods – Survive the Round
Run Away! Run Away! – Kill All Zombies within the Time Limit. Zombies Will Run Away From Players
Shots! Shots! Shots! – Weapon Fire Drains Points
Farewell to Arms – Kill Zombies with 10 Different Weapons or Equipment
open for buisness - must open all doors and clear all paths by end of this round
gilded rage - possess two fully packed weapons at the end of this round
duck... - weapons are only usable while crouched
...and cover - players can only use weapons while Prone
pack your bags - each player must possess a packed weapon by end of this round
This. Is. Nuketown - survive round using only nuke powerups
headhunter - all mannequin heads need to be removed by end of this round
fist full of bullets - melee kills fill your weapon's mag. no ammo reserves
shocking spree - each player must make 6 unique wall buys by end of this round
backyard barbecue - defend the yellow house backyard
Unsinkable - Survive the Round without taking Damage.
Shall We Dance? - Use Melee Only.
Perk Up - Survive the Round with At Least One Perk Active.
Shielded - Possess the Shield at the End of the Round.
Closed for Business - All Buys are Disabled.
Mystery Shopper - Obtain a Weapon From the Mystery Box.
Door Man - Open all Doors in the Map.
Crawling With Zombies - Survive a Wave of Crawling Dead.
Perk Allergy - Complete the Round with Zero Perks.
Head Games - Kill Zombies with Headshots Only.
Powerless - Avoid All Powerups.
Missing the Point(s) - Damage to Players Causes Points Drain.
Press Start - Reset To Your Starting Weapon.
Unhealthy - Replenish Health Drain with Zombie Kills.
Fast Times - Complete the Round Before the Timer Runs Out.
H.eads U.p D.eactivated - No HUD.
Unpacked - Pack-A-Punch Weapons are Disabled.
What's the Point - Taking Any Damage Drains All of Your Points.
Speed Demons - Survive an Onslaught of Sprinters.
Straight Shooter - Missed Shots hurt. 
Creeper - Weapons and Elixirs are only usable while crouched.
Shoot From the Hip - Hip Fire Only.
Slowpoke - Sprinting is Disabled.
Pack It In - Pack-a-Punch Two Different Weapons during the Round.
Board to Death - Earn 1000 Points from Boarding Openings.
Perks of the Job - Complete the Round with 3 Active Perks.
IX Minutes of Hell - Survive for Nine Minutes.
Feeling Trapped - Kill Zombies with Traps.
Weapon Roulette - Your Guns Randomly Swap, and All Buys Are Disabled.
Perk-o-Late - End the Round will all 4 Perks.
Jump Shot - Players can only attack while jumping.
Load of Nonsense - Weapons must be reloaded after every shot if ammo is available.
A.iming D.oes S.ting - ADS causes damage.
Helluva Appetite - At least one player must posess the hell's retriever at the end of the round.
Rooftop Party - Defend the roof.
Zombie Noir - It's black and white.
Brain Soup - Get at least 20 spoon kills by round end. unrelated weapons are locked out.
Snooze you lose - Sprint to avoid point drain. Slower movement drains points faster.
Oh My Gat! - Forge the acid gat during the round.
Sacrificial Packed - Sacrifice 2 weapons to the pack machine.
Shower Showdown - Defend the showers.
Prone to Regeneration - Health regeneration only works while prone.
Pointless - Points are reset to 0.
Lockdown - All doors are sealed for the round.
Stand Firm - Defend the infirmary.
Mobster - Use the M1927 only.
I'm Out - All ammo is reset to 0.
Who let the hounds out? - Survive a hellhound onslaught.



------links--------
https://www.reddit.com/r/CODZombies/comments/b0dbgq/spoiler_all_30_hellcatraz_gauntlet_challenges/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CODZombies/comments/ds5ul9/all_the_an_ice_day_in_hell_gauntlet_challenges/
https://theundeadzone.com/death-con-five-classified-gauntlet-guide/
https://theundeadzone.com/super-blood-wolf-moon-dead-of-the-night-gauntlet-guide/
https://theundeadzone.com/labours-of-hercules-ancient-evil-gauntlet-guide/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CODZombies/comments/cmvdcu/duck_and_cover_alpha_omega_gauntlet_full/
